All right. Let's set the address for
the data contract in the constructor for the app smart contract.
So we're going to add a parameter called address dataContract.
We are going to tell the variable we have how exactly to find that contract.
So in the previous exercise the work we did was really lay the groundwork
for how this contract should interact with the data contract,
but it's these two lines of code that we just added that are really the most
relevant because it tells the app how to go find the data.
Notice that we did not do any such thing with the data contract.
The reason for that is because if you recollect from the earlier slide,
the arrow is unidirectional.
The app contract is always calling in to the data contract and never the other way.
There's one more step to this exercise,
and that is to go and change this function modifier.
So notice up here that update employee.
This is the actual function that is going to be called from the app contract,
but it has a constraint.
It requires that the caller be the contract owner whoever has deployed the data contract.
That will not work anymore so we have to remove that.
Let's save and compile.
All right, and that passed.
So just to reiterate,
the constructor off the application smart contract is
passed the address of the deployed instance off the data contract,
and that is used to create and hydrate the instance variable for that contract.
So if you don't do this then
the app contract has no way of knowing where to find the data contract.
Let's take a quiz.
When referencing contract A from contract B,
what address is required to instantiate contract A and contract B's code?